---
layout: post
title: "Wireframe & Landing Page"
date: 2021-11-15 12:00:00
tags: ['Milestone 3']
published: true
comments: false
script: [post.js]
excerpted: |
    The object of the game is to solve a number of puzzles and escape the hotel.

---


* Line
{: toc}

# Wireframe
The object of the game is to solve a number of puzzles and escape the hotel.

## Level 1 - Attic
The first level is in the attic, where H.H. Holmes has trapped you, the player. After looking around the room, you find an odd looking oil lamp. Looking around some more, a note on the desk suggests using the oil lamp on an basic "hidden text" element, serving as an immersive tutorial on how to use the oil lamp to reveal invisible text. Following the revealed instructions, it becomes clear that you should look for a key hidden in the bookcase. The key unlocks the door and you are now free to roam the hotel.

{% imager Murder_Hotel_-_Attic.png|center %}
{% imager Puzzle1.jpeg|center %}

## Level 2 - Hotel
The second level is the main hotel area, spanning two floors. Here, you are supposed to roam around while avoiding Holmes himself who appears in certain areas, either guiding you in the right direction or deterring you from reaching an objective. Holmes' apparitions also serve as a "breadcrumb trail" towards the objective: a photograph containing the puzzle for this level. Looking at the photograph leads you to an identical area in the hotel, except for one difference. Something is missing in the actual room, and investigating it leads you to a trap door, connecting to the basement. 

{% imager Murder_Hotel_-_House.png|center %}
{% imager Puzzle2.jpeg|center %}

## Level 3 - Basement
The third and last level takes place in the basement. Looking around there is a locked door and it is hinted at that you should look for invisible writing on the wall, using the oil lamp. Once the writing is found, it leads you to a key that unlocks the door. Behind the door, there is another trap door that leads outside. Using it leads to freedom, the game is over!

{% imager Murder_Hotel_-_Basement.png|center %}
{% imager Puzzle3.jpeg|center %}

# Landing Page
In terms of our website's landing page, we decided to get help from Adobe XD, because of its easy prototyping and the possibility to export the whole thing to HTML and CSS files or even to a React project using Anima.

##### [Our Adobe XD Landing Page](https://xd.adobe.com/view/c18cd843-cd7c-4ad7-b545-360d96365b5a-94df/)

An XD project usually starts with a defined color palette, for which we chose grey-based colors and a pop of a vibrant red.
The navigation bar contains easy to access information, including links to buying or testing the game.

The main scrollview is composed of 5 components:
* The video ribbon, which contains YouTube videos that act as video presentations for our game and our work.
* The information ribbon, which has a short description of the product.
* The Twitch scrollable ribbon, which shows people currently playing the game, making the product more desirable.
* The deal scrollable ribbon, which is composed of deals, which seem to be the number one determination of purchasing games, according the the survey conducted in M2.
* The footer ribbon.
