---
layout: post
title: "MVP"
date: 2022-01-10 12:00:00
tags: ['Milestone 7']
published: true
comments: false
script: [post.js]
excerpted: |
    MVP

---


* Do not remove this line (it will not be displayed)
{: toc}

## [Watch Our Demo Here!](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1zl0-EFyQmQ9nzR-BYPpbEAQQmItKTBNO/view)


# Technical aspects:
- Unreal Engine & its Assets Marketplace
- C++ & Blueprint Visual Scripting
- SteamVR
- Oculus Quest 2

# Description
The main idea of this game was subject to a lot of research and brainstorming among our team. Our goal was to stand out regarding the story and the setup, but we always kept the validation aspects in mind, even though we had generally planned the environment ahead.

Our interviewees reacted well to the idea of a bite-sized horror game, confirming the fact that it is a niche, unsaturated market that is in demand. We decided to remain with Steam as our main distribution platform, as they provide an environment to self publish games easily accessible by interested buyers. They also perpetually showcase new games and organise themed sale events, allowing new indie games to be discovered. Moreover, SteamVR is the leading tool used to interact with PC VR headsets and it abstracts away most hardware-specific behaviour.

Keeping the game bite-sized is an extremely important aspect, as we confirmed that a variety of player archetypes would be interested in short experiences: hardcore gamers who want to take a break and casual gamers who just want to have an interesting experience, but not spend too much time or money on it. We have, on the other hand, reached the conclusion that the horror aspect is not absolutely necessary for our game to be successful as it is a matter of taste, but we still believe that the horror genre is a good starting point. It lends itself very well to short experiences, leveraging the concept of "fear of the unknown" when leaving certain elements unexplained, for instance. This allows the development team more leeway when making potential mistakes on a first game, while not severely impacting the quality of our final product.

Despite not being able to obtain hard user validation for this information, we still believe that VR is the way to go. Our business' premise is that VR is an untapped market and there have been precedents of successful indie VR horror games such as "The Room VR: A Dark Matter", as shown in our market research section. We were unable to obtain solid feedback on this matter due to the fact that any interviewees who already own a VR headset would naturally have no aversion to this aspect, while any who do not already own one would clearly not buy a headset for this experience alone. VR headset ownership will continue to grow worldwide in the following years as the concept becomes both more popular and cheaper to access.

{% imager AR VR stats.jpg|center %}

The MVP follows a structure familiar to anyone who has played puzzle games before: solve a puzzle, move to the next room, repeat, while placing this flow into context: the player has a compelling reason to solve the puzzle and move forward - they are trying to escape the Murder Hotel. This first game contains three fully-playable levels, each taking place on a different floor of the house. Details can be found in the wireframe/game design section.

There are a number of improvements that we want to incorporate into Murder Hotel before it is ready for release.

The backstory is not clear enough as-is: our only mention of the Murder Hotel is at the end and we don't believe it's clear enough to the player what they are trying to escape from. Players gain this information from the synopsis, but we think that it would be more immersive if there were bits of lore scattered around the level that can be found while searching for clues.

Playtesting has also underlined a number of technical flaws that need to be addressed, and a few design flaws: more clarity needs to be added to certain elements. We need to make sure that the player knows exactly what they managed to do at any point in time and visually and auditorily reward them for it, accentuating their progress. There are also a few elements that don't work as well based on player height and instinctive behaviour, as detailed in the playtesting section. Once this game is released, we intend to begin work on our next one, taking into account sales, reviews and any other newly available information.

