---
layout: post
title: "Validation 1"
date: 2021-11-08 12:00:00
tags: ['Milestone 2']
published: true
comments: false
script: [post.js]
excerpted: |
    Idea validation.
---


* Do not remove this line (it will not be displayed)
{: toc}

# Customer Delivery - Overview

In order to gain more insights on what particular features of our product will appeal to our clients and how much will they interact with our game as well, we decided we needed a customer segmentation. We used ***behavioural segmentation*** for this, because of the nature of our product (a game) and because of the fact that the more we predict the purchasing decisions of our customer, the more revenue our project gets.

# Customer Detail - Process

The next step was to conduct the survey, through Google Forms, and the question groups were:

* Do you own a VR headset?
* Are you interested in playing a VR game, even if you don't already own a headset?

>Aimed to show us the general interest people have for a VR game.

* How much do horror games appeal to you?
* How much do puzzle games appeal to you?

>This goes even deeper into the two genres of the game. We want to see if they are of equal interest to our customers without one overpowering the other.

* How often do you play video games?
* And when you are playing, how often is it that you are playing a horror video game?
* If you answered between 1 to 5 to the previous question, when do you prefer to play horror video games?

>This categorises customers that will interact with our game on set times. We can use this information to market our game during these periods.

* Which of these features would make your gaming experience unique?

>Segmenting by benefits sought shows us what experience would our customers want more. With that in mind we can push prioritised features first so that our game gains more following at launch.

* What makes you lose interest in a video game far too early?

>We also need to know the deal breakers for our clients. We want to make sure that people play our game for as long as possible.

* What makes you invest in a video game?

>This question is meant to reveal the factors that make our undecided clients push that "purchase" button. With that in mind, we can take certain actions, such as offer deals.

* How much would you be willing to spend on an indie VR game?

>Straightforward question that will reveal if our price estimation was realistic enough.

* Is there something else you wish to see in a VR video game?

>Typical open question to make sure that no client input is left unheard.

* How old are you?

>Although not a behavioural question, this helps us identify age groups and see if responses vary from one to another.

## Customer Detail - Results

Looking over our ***28 responses*** submitted in the past week we can make the following conclusions:

{% imager question1.jpg|center %}
{% imager question2.jpg|center %}

Although not many people own a VR headset, there was an overwhelmingly positive response to wanting to experiment our VR game. As VR headsets are getting more accessible, or easier to borrow, our game will surely get to our customers.

{% imager question3.jpg|center %}
{% imager question4.jpg|center %}

With this question we were trying to verify if both game elements equally appeal to the players, making sure that neither of them retain them from playing the game. As it seems, they are quite balanced.

{% imager question5.jpg|center %}
{% imager question6.jpg|center %}
{% imager question7.jpg|center %}

What we get from this part of the survey is that over 50% of people play video games weekly or even more frequently, but it's not very often that it's a horror game. That means that in our marketing strategy we should highlight that it has two genres, so that it appeals to both horror and non-horror gamers.
Moreover, when people are playing horror games they prefer doing it during the night, to enhance their experience. This leaves room for us to make certain decisions such as events or bonuses during nigh-time.

{% imager question8.jpg|center %}

First to notice is that there is not much of an interest in having a pack of games. That means we will reconsider this after launching the game. Instead, we can focus on having consequences and unique horror through auditory-visual illusions.
There was a positive response to having a self paced game and having little to no instructions, which will definitely set us apart from the competition.

{% imager question9.jpg|center %}

Here, our main concerns with other VR video games align with our customers. This further confirms that our product is desired, and that delivering the features we intend to, will make customers spend more time in our game.

{% imager question10.jpg|center %}
From what it seems, having a Halloween discount and making the game free for a period of time, will surely attract more customers.

{% imager question11.jpg|center %}
The price range selected by more than 50% is our proposed price range or more.

{% imager question13.jpg|center %}

Variations between age groups were very little, which means that our customers act independently of their age.

## Customer Detail - Conclusions

Although some of our initial ideas like having a pack of games or catering the game to a horror audience didn't translate as well as we thought, we were pretty aligned with what our customers want. Knowing what features they want to see more, makes us prioritise certain things for the Customer Validation Stage. We surely know what attracts customers, making our marketing strategy easier.

